how Alito where's the rest of the team
way mijo the team kind of fell apart
while you are away what but the games
about to start
time for some backup rah nor Julia Hey
hme omaka Nigel I mean water lajara with
no team and 11 angry Japanese gangsters
about to get one of the horror that's
just outside of London ya know you
overpaid over in anniston we don't know
what you just keep your hair on be there
in a few year uh sorry darlin can we do
this some other time that's one claro
amigo el maestro is on its way yah
chicharito I will be there you want to
speak to myself oui Mon Ami as soon as
we finish our business deal sure sugar
after ow I owe you one i wad you can you
gonna do it I me and so when I got back
to help my old team compete in a global
Super Cup I found that it existed in
name only so what do you say Japanese
superstar jet Fukuda you help
ku ku dah
ah I really need to start
huh I would have been here sooner Bobby
we don't get pulled up lame and lining
up with chicharito against FC Yakuza el
maestro sherry shebang Billy Bob water
are saying the cat good bastard swagger
and Nigel Pratt we're still for sure
oh for sure I will it get tomatillo
ready to play and crazy goat mascot guy
over there even with his woefully
inadequate standards we are still one
player short
bah
hey Marcel so do they call you the cat
because of your fast agile movement no
the car means he can't because I like
Merck
you